Title: Technical Writer
Company: Applied Materials India
Location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
URL: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/technical-writer-at-applied-materials-india-4448437436
Posted: 2026-09-03
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job as a Technical Writer at Applied Materials India matches Priya's background in technical communication and documentation, aligns with her approved role type from UI constraints, and is located in India (a target country).

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Technical Writer
Applied Materials India  Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
4 weeks ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Applied Materials India has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Who We Are

Applied Materials is a global leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. We design, build and service cutting-edge equipment that helps our customers manufacture display and semiconductor chips – the brains of devices we use every day. As the foundation of the global electronics industry, Applied enables the exciting technologies that literally connect our world – like AI and IoT. If you want to push the boundaries of materials science and engineering to create next generation technology, join us to deliver material innovation that changes the world.

What We Offer

Location:

Chennai,IND

You’ll benefit from a supportive work culture that encourages you to learn, develop, and grow your career as you take on challenges and drive innovative solutions for our customers. We empower our team to push the boundaries of what is possible—while learning every day in a supportive leading global company. Visit our Careers website to learn more.

At Applied Materials, we care about the health and wellbeing of our employees. We’re committed to providing programs and support that encourage personal and professional growth and care for you at work, at home, or wherever you may go. Learn more about our benefits.

Description

Applied Materials, Inc., is the global leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality.

Our team is searching for an experienced and self-motivated Technical Writer who excels at analyzing complex information and translating it into clear written and visual instructions for our customers. Our geographically distributed product team develops products for semiconductor fabrication and assembly, test, and packaging industries. These products help customers automate, monitor, and optimize factory operations.

What you’ll be doing

As a Technical Writer on our team, you’ll be responsible for:


Reviewing and contributing to software design specifications that describe product enhancements and changes.
Collaborating closely with software engineers, product managers, customer support, and quality assurance teams to gather product information.
Installing and using software both locally and in virtual machine environments to explore and document software features.
Creating diagrams and screenshots to help users understand software architecture and features.
Authoring online Help, release notes, and installation instructions with clear overviews and easy-to-follow procedures.
Ensuring technically accurate, high-quality product documentation that meets requirements and is delivered on time.
Using AI tools to enhance your workflow, drive productivity, and solve technical problems.


What we’re looking for

Key requirements for this position include:


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, English, Technical Communication, or a related discipline.
3+ years writing experience, preferably in the software industry.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to adapt your writing to conform to a corporate style guide.
Adept at interviewing subject matter experts to gather the information needed to generate best-in-class content.
Close attention to detail and strong multitasking abilities.
General knowledge of software systems and a desire to understand software features.
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a distributed team.


What will give you an edge

Additional skills that would make you stand out for this position include:


Experience with a programming or scripting language (such as C#, PowerShell, or Python).
Experience documenting complex product suites.
Familiarity with the Microsoft Writing Style Guide.
Experience working in an agile environment and using Jira for ticket progress tracking.
Experience with the MadCap Flare Help authoring tool.
Familiarity with UNIX or command-line applications.
Experience with version control systems (such as Git).
Experience with AI tools such as Copilot or Claude.


Join our team and contribute to the success of our industry-leading software solutions. Apply now!

Additional Information

Time Type:

Full time

Employee Type:

Assignee / Regular

Travel:

Yes, 10% of the Time

Relocation Eligible:

Yes

Applied Materials is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Appliances, Electrical, and Electronics Manufacturing, Nanotechnology Research, and Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Applied Materials India by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Documentation expert
Documentation expert
WillWare Technologies
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 weeks ago
Technical Writer SR - India
Technical Writer SR - India
Sagent
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 weeks ago
Technical Writer
Technical Writer
Xylem
Greater Chennai Area
1 week ago
Technical Writer – AI Security Platform
Technical Writer – AI Security Platform
Pragmatike
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
1 week ago
Technical Documentation Associate
Technical Documentation Associate
The ePlane Company
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 days ago
Technical Writer II
Technical Writer II
Barry-Wehmiller
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Region Training and Certification Lead: CA&I
Region Training and Certification Lead: CA&I

FLSmidth

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 days ago
Document Controller
Document Controller

AtkinsRéalis

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
5 days ago
Technical Support Specialist
Technical Support Specialist

Gen

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
1 week ago
Trainee - Language Editing - Fresher
Trainee - Language Editing - Fresher

TNQTech

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
1 month ago
Senior Content Writer
Senior Content Writer

Weaver India

Velachery, Tamil Nadu, India
1 week ago
Instructional Designer – XR Content Development
Instructional Designer – XR Content Development

KLA

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 days ago
GN-T&O – Talent Development and Learning – Analyst
GN-T&O – Talent Development and Learning – Analyst

Accenture in India

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
5 days ago
Parts Caralogue
Parts Caralogue

SEGULA Technologies

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
12 hours ago
Senior Technical Illustrator
Senior Technical Illustrator

Contiem

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
2 weeks ago
Document Control Support
Document Control Support

Emerson

Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
11 hours ago
Similar Searches
Senior Technical Writer jobs
1,839 open jobs
Lead Technical Writer jobs
583 open jobs
Principal Technical Writer jobs
122 open jobs
Contract Technical Writer jobs
1,281 open jobs
Staff Technical Writer jobs
127 open jobs
Senior Information Developer jobs
176 open jobs
Technical Editor jobs
638 open jobs
Senior Technical Editor jobs
574 open jobs
Documentation Manager jobs
2,067 open jobs
Documentation Engineer jobs
2,289 open jobs
Information Developer jobs
52,946 open jobs
Senior Information Architect jobs
55 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Applied Materials India
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.