Title: Quality Manager
Company: Arcadis
Location: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-manager-at-arcadis-4463492854
Posted: 2026-09-17
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's experience in quality management and compliance (ISO standards, audit readiness) and is located in Canada, which she is open to relocating to.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Quality Manager
Arcadis  Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
2 weeks ago  61 applicants
  

See who Arcadis has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Arcadis is the world's leading company delivering sustainable design, engineering, and consultancy solutions for natural and built assets.

We are more than 34,000 people, in over 30 countries, dedicated to improving quality of life. Everyone has an important role to play. With the power of many curious minds, together we can solve the world’s most complex challenges and deliver more impact together.

Role description:

Arcadis is looking for a Quality Manager who is responsible for managing most day-to-day QMS activities for their Country. This includes but is not limited to all aspects of Arcadis’s quality management system and in-country senior management interaction.

Reports directly to the Global QMS Director and indirectly reports to the Country Director.

Location: Canada

Role accountabilities:

Coordinates implementing, administering, and monitoring global QMS governance and tools in the country; ensures that established requirements are enforced appropriately and records exceptions as appropriate; provides suggestions and recommendations for changes to respective Global Quality Leaders. Accountable for meeting the in-country resource and training needs of all personnel in the country in quality procedures to support the successful execution of the QMS.

Governance


Maintain in-country quality management system
Maintain in-country certification to the ISO standards until global accreditation has been achieved
Assure in-country governmental regulations, legal, and statutory requirements are met


Quality processes and procedures


Implement, maintain, and control quality processes and procedures
Integration and effectiveness of processes across functions
Supports auditors in internal and external audits
Management of the in-country non-conformance management and corrective action system
Implement a continuous improvement process
Measure/evaluate process KPIs


Knowledge and training


Ensure that all professionals are trained to the QMS
Communicate/train changes quality management system
Identification and implementation of Lessons Learned
Maintain Country QMS iNet site


Data repository and reporting


Report in-country Quality KPI’s for deviations, audits, corrective actions, and lessons learned
Trend Quality KPI performance data for targeted continuous improvement
Monitor in-country cost to quality


Compliance


Implement process controls and use of improvement systems
Ensure in-country audits are performed and participate as required
Ensure compliance with in-country legislation
Serve as the management representative for ISO certification


Quality manager has overall responsibility for compliance with the Global Quality Management System. Contribute to and support the implementation of a Global Integrated Management System (IMS) for Arcadis. Works with the Global Quality Director to ensure consistency with the requirements defined within the Arcadis QMS governance structure. Manages QA resources to coordinate quality staff to support projects.

Qualifications & Experience:


The candidate should have a bachelor's or master’s degree in engineering, Management, Quality, or Business (preferred)
5-7+ years of experience progressive quality management or other applicable experience within a multinational engineering or professional services firm, including previous assignments in a related industry.
Training: Change Management, Process Improvement, Lean skills. Certifications: American Society for Quality (ASQ) certification as Manager of Quality/Organizational Excellence (preferred); Certified Quality Auditor: ISO as appropriate; Certified Project Manager; member of the Project Management Institute or country equivalent


Further requirements and competencies:


Knowledge of ISO 9001:2015, Quality Management System-Requirements techniques relating to quality assurance and quality control programs
Principles, practices, techniques, and theories of quality management systems and benchmarking
Principles, practices, techniques, and theories of quality process auditing
A well-developed understanding of and appreciation for organizational mission, values, and goals and consistent application of this knowledge.
An ability to communicate complex issues to diverse audiences, orally and in writing, in an easily understood, authoritative, and actionable manner.
Time management and ability to multi-task with competing priorities.
Excellent decision-making capabilities and ability to make decisions and deal with conflicting priorities.


Why Arcadis?

We can only achieve our goals when everyone is empowered to be their best. We believe everyone's contribution matters. It’s why we are pioneering a skills-based approach, where you can harness your unique experience and expertise to carve your career path and maximize the impact we can make together.

You’ll do meaningful work, and no matter what role, you’ll be helping to deliver sustainable solutions for a more prosperous planet. Make your mark, on your career, your colleagues, your clients, your life and the world around you.

Together, we can create a lasting legacy.

Join Arcadis. Create a Legacy.

Our Commitment to Equality, Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging

We want you to be able to bring your best self to work every day which is why we take equality and inclusion seriously and hold ourselves to account for our actions. Our ambition is to be an employer of choice and provide a great place to work for all our people. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. We are dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

The salary range for this position is CAD 85,000 - $110,000. The base salary represents Arcadis’ hiring range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and will be based on various factors, such as location, skills, experience, and qualifications for the role.


Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Professional Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Arcadis by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Quality Assurance Manager jobs in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
AtkinsRéalis
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
Panelmatic
Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
4 weeks ago
Manager, Quality systems
Manager, Quality systems
CIMA+
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
CA$97,360 - CA$133,870
1 week ago
Manager, Quality Systems
Manager, Quality Systems
Village Farms International Inc.
Delta, British Columbia, Canada
CA$75,000 - CA$95,000
1 day ago
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
EllisDon
Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
2 months ago
Quality Manager, ESDC
Quality Manager, ESDC
Arcadis
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
1 day ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
HR Governance & Quality Manager
HR Governance & Quality Manager

KPMG Canada

Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
HR Governance & Quality Manager
HR Governance & Quality Manager

KPMG Canada

Langley, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
Associate Director, Quality Control
Associate Director, Quality Control

Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
CA$141,400 - CA$178,900
1 month ago
Sr MTS - QA Audit
Sr MTS - QA Audit

MDA Space

Richmond, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
Senior Technical Specialist
Senior Technical Specialist

Arc'teryx Equipment

North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
2 weeks ago
Refinery Laboratory Supervisor
Refinery Laboratory Supervisor

Parkland Corporation

Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
Sr. Quality Analyst
Sr. Quality Analyst

Fortinet

Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
12 months ago
Enterprise Data Quality Manager
Enterprise Data Quality Manager

Vancity

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
1 week ago
Lead, Quality Improvement and Patient Safety
Lead, Quality Improvement and Patient Safety

Fraser Health Authority

Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
2 weeks ago
Responsable SAP Quality Management et Manufacturing
Responsable SAP Quality Management et Manufacturing

Accenture

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Software Quality Assurance Manager jobs
51 open jobs
Director of Quality Assurance jobs
431 open jobs
Senior Quality Assurance Manager jobs
255 open jobs
Food Safety Manager jobs
820 open jobs
Quality Engineering Manager jobs
1,349 open jobs
Director Software Quality Assurance jobs
30 open jobs
Test Architect jobs
755 open jobs
Software Quality Assurance Lead jobs
191 open jobs
Manufacturing Quality Manager jobs
343 open jobs
Director of Quality jobs
2,057 open jobs
Global Quality Manager jobs
380 open jobs
Test Engineering Manager jobs
714 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Arcadis
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.