Title: Senior DevOps Engineer
Company: Canadian Solar Inc.
Location: Kitchener, Ontario, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-devops-engineer-at-canadian-solar-inc-4449869927
Posted: 2026-09-21
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with the candidate's expertise in DevOps engineering (CI/CD pipelines, infrastructure as code) and is located in Canada, a target country; she has relevant experience in regulated industries and matches the 'configuration management' positive constraint.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Senior DevOps Engineer
e-STORAGE  Kitchener, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who e-STORAGE has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Ready to Make a Real Impact? Join e-STORAGE!

Who We Are

Welcome to e-STORAGE, a proud member of the Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ: CSIQ) family! We’re leading the way in designing, building, and integrating advanced battery energy storage systems for utility-scale projects. Our mission? To accelerate the world’s renewable energy transition and create a more sustainable, resilient energy future for everyone.

With our innovative SolBank lithium-iron phosphate battery technology and comprehensive project services, we’re not just building products we’re powering communities and making a difference worldwide.

Position Title: Senior DevOps Engineer

Department: EQS

Compensation: $110,000 - $140,000 + annual bonus (paid in local currency; range varies by location)

Reports To: Data and Delivery Manager

Location: Kitchener, ON (Onsite)

About the Role:

We are seeking a talented Sr DevOps Engineer to join our dynamic team and contribute to the delivery of on-site and cloud-based Energy Management System (EMS) for utility grade systems. The ideal candidate will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining the build and deployment pipelines to ensure smooth and efficient delivery of software products. You will work closely with leadership, engineering and project execution teams to streamline the software development lifecycle and enhance the overall productivity and quality of our software releases both to cloud systems and edge real-time embedded systems. Further, you are passionate about advancing clean energy initiatives and working collaboratively in a dynamic startup like environment..

Responsibilities:


Design, implement, and maintain CI/CD pipelines to automate the build, test, and deployment processes.
Collaborate with product development, engineering, QA, execution, and operations teams to define and implement best practices for software development and deployment.
Manage and maintain build servers, repositories, and related infrastructure.
Monitor, debug and troubleshoot build and deployment issues, ensuring timely resolution and minimizing downtime.
Implement and manage software release channels and mechanisms for on-site and remote software image deployment – both for cloud-based systems and real-time embedded devices and industrial PCs.
Implement security and data protection measures.
Automate repetitive tasks and improve the efficiency of the development and deployment processes.
Ensure security and compliance of the build and deployment pipelines.
Maintain and enhance infrastructure as code (IaC) using tools such as Terraform, Ansible, or CloudFormation.
Monitor system performance and ensure high availability of infrastructure and applications.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and emerging technologies to continuously improve the DevOps processes.
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications.
Collaborate with embedded software engineer, front/back -end developers to integrate software components.
Optimize (incl upgrade) build and release applications for maximum speed and scalability.
Develop and maintain technical documentation (e.g. release notes), including design specifications and user manuals.
Support cultivating a culture of accountability, transparency, and continuous learning
Take ownership of their work and contribute to the overall success of the organization.
Conduct other duties as required



Required Qualifications and Skills:


Bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, Computer Science, information technology, power automation, or related field. Advanced degree or equivalent experience preferred.
5+ years proven experience as a DevOps Engineer or in a similar role.
Strong knowledge of CI/CD tools (e.g., Jenkins, GitLab CI, CircleCI).
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git).
Proficiency in scripting languages (e.g., Python, Bash, Java, Ruby, PHP, PowerShell).
Hands-on experience with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes).
Familiarity with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud).
Knowledge of infrastructure as code (IaC) tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible, CloudFormation).
Experience with monitoring and logging tools (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana, ELK Stack) is a plus.
Knowledge of security best practices in DevOps is required.
Familiar with power SCADA/EMS system software architecture is a plus.
Knowledge of embedded software, front/back -end development environment; familiar with basic data structures; familiar with multi-thread programming is a plus
Experience with database systems such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, or Oracle is a plus.
Understanding RESTful APIs and web services is a plus.
Experience with cloud services and infrastructure, such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud.
Able to work independently on assigned tasks and escalate to surface roadblocks and risk mitigation.
Passion for technology innovation and building systems from scratch.
Have domain experience with software systems for utility scale battery energy storage systems is a big plus
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.



e-STORAGE is Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.

e-STORAGE uses AI-assisted tools during parts of the hiring process, including screening and workflow automation. All final hiring decisions are made by humans.

This is a current vacancy, and we are actively hiring for this position.

What It’s Like To Work Here

At e-STORAGE, you’re more than just an employee—you’re part of a team that values your ideas, your background, and your unique perspective. We believe that a culture of equity, diversity, and inclusion isn’t just the right thing to do—it’s the secret to our success. Here, you’ll find:


Integrity: We do what’s right, always.
Innovation: We encourage fresh thinking and bold ideas.
Quality: We take pride in delivering excellence, every time.
Customer Focus: We listen, we care, and we deliver.
Sustainability: We’re passionate about protecting our planet for future generations.



Why You’ll Love Working With Us


Join a global leader in renewable energy, backed by over 23 years of Canadian Solar experience.
Work on projects that matter—helping to build a cleaner, greener world.
Thrive in a supportive, collaborative environment where your growth is our priority.
Enjoy a competitive salary and a generous benefits package.



Want to join here is what we are looking For


The right mix of education, experience, and skills for the role.
Great communication, teamwork, and problem-solving abilities.
A true commitment to safety, ethics, and sustainability.



Your Rewards

We offer a competitive salary, performance bonuses, and a comprehensive benefits package—including health coverage, retirement plans, paid time off, and more.

#CSeSTORAGE
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at e-STORAGE by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new DevOps Engineer jobs in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Utilities Director jobs
Senior DevOps Engineer
Similar jobs
Senior DevOps Engineer
Senior DevOps Engineer
Nelnet
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Senior DevOps Developer
Senior DevOps Developer
Mappedin
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer
Infosys
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Senior DevOps Engineer
Senior DevOps Engineer
Synechron
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
CA$105,000 - CA$120,000
2 weeks ago
AI-First DevOps Engineer
AI-First DevOps Engineer
Computrition, Inc.
Greater Toronto Area, Canada
1 month ago
Sr. DevSecOps Engineer
Sr. DevSecOps Engineer
Rogers Communications
Brampton, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Sr. Cloud Platform Specialist
Sr. Cloud Platform Specialist

McKesson

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
42 minutes ago
Senior Site Reliability Engineer, AI Infrastructure
Senior Site Reliability Engineer, AI Infrastructure

PointClickCare

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
CA$139,000 - CA$155,000
1 week ago
Lead Site Reliability Administrator
Lead Site Reliability Administrator

OpenText

Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
3 days ago
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer

Tata Consultancy Services

Greater Toronto Area, Canada
CA$100,000 - CA$120,000
6 days ago
Infrastructure Automation Engineering Specialist
Infrastructure Automation Engineering Specialist

CGI

Greater Toronto Area, Canada
2 weeks ago
Cloud Engineer
Cloud Engineer

Morson Edge (Canada)

Oakville, Ontario, Canada
CA$95,000 - CA$135,000
2 days ago
DevOps Manager
DevOps Manager

NLB Services

Brampton, Ontario, Canada
2 hours ago
Staff Software Engineer (Continuous Integration)
Staff Software Engineer (Continuous Integration)

Affirm

Kitchener, Ontario, Canada
3 days ago
Staff Software Engineer (Continuous Integration)
Staff Software Engineer (Continuous Integration)

Affirm

Hamilton, Ontario, Canada
3 days ago
Principal DataOps Engineer (DevOps for Data)
Principal DataOps Engineer (DevOps for Data)

Workday

Greater Toronto Area, Canada
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Utilities Director jobs
316 open jobs
Manufacturing Quality Manager jobs
343 open jobs
Project Developer jobs
5,253 open jobs
Senior Product Engineer jobs
899 open jobs
Piping Stress Engineer jobs
56 open jobs
Clinical Operations Manager jobs
241 open jobs
Director of Rehabilitation jobs
79 open jobs
Senior Vice President Operations jobs
131 open jobs
Clinic Director jobs
138 open jobs
Compliance Engineer jobs
740 open jobs
Energy Manager jobs
1,990 open jobs
Supplier Quality Engineer jobs
642 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
You’re signed out
Sign in for the full experience.
Sign in Join now