Title: Release Manager
Company: Emerson
Location: Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
URL: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/release-manager-at-emerson-4453693519
Posted: 2026-09-25
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job matches Priya's experience as a Release Manager in regulated industries, located in India (a target country), and aligns with her skills in end-to-end release ownership, compliance, and cross-functional collaboration.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Release Manager
Emerson  Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
5 days ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Emerson has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Job Description

In This Role, Your Responsibilities Will Be:


End-to-End Ownership and Accountability - Take full ownership of the release and program lifecycle – including product definition, prototyping, development, continuous integration, testing, production release and post-release evaluation-managing scope, schedule, cost and quality from product definition to product release
Strategic Planning and Execution – Develop and execute strategic forecasts and plans, set clear milestones to keep the releases and programs on track
Leadership and Cross-Functional Collaboration – Provide leadership to multi-functional and cross-functional teams, aligning stakeholders and influencing teams without direct authority to achieve shared goals.
Customer-Centric Product Delivery – Partner product management, and engineering teams to ensure solutions and releases address customer needs.
Risk Management and Problem Solving – Proactively identify, assess, prioritize, and mitigate program risks that may impact delivery commitments.
Quality, Productivity, and Continuous Improvement – Ensure every release and program meets the highest standards of quality, productivity, efficiency and reliability. Drive initiatives, continuous and measurable improvements ensuring each release and program is better than the last.
Communication and Stakeholder Engagement – Communicate clear, actionable regular updates to stakeholders and all levels of the organization on details of release/programs, progress, risks and resolutions.
Compliance and Standards – Ensure compliance with corporate, environmental and legislative requirements, safety and cybersecurity.
Post Release/Program Evaluation – Lead post release/program evaluations to identify success and areas for improvement.


Who You Are:

You thrive in high-pressure, high-visibility environments and are comfortable navigating ambiguity. You collaborate effectively across diverse teams, building alignment and driving programs from concept through successful delivery. By actively listening, seeking diverse perspectives, and fostering open communication, you enable informed decision-making and shared commitment to outcomes. You are passionate about delivering innovative products and orchestrating complex launches, taking initiative to achieve meaningful business impact.

For This Role, You Will Need:


Bachelor’s or Master’s degree or equivalent experience in computer engineering or any other engineering field with 10-12 years of project management experience in an embedded product development.
PMP certified professional and Scrum Master certification would be an added advantage.
Working experience in leading complex product development programs in a global setup.
Hands-on experience in Electronics Hardware/Embedded Software development would be useful.
Project management experience in embedded product development is a must for this role.
To have demonstrated ability to plan/manage budget, resources, work activities, and risks/mitigations working on New Product Development (NPD) projects.
Organizational, problem solving and interpersonal skills with cross cultural adaptation.
To have demonstrated time management and multi-tasking abilities.
Experience working on teams that use Agile development methods.


Preferred Qualifications That Set You Apart:


Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to collaborate with senior leadership with confidence and clarity.


Our Culture & Commitment to You:


At Emerson, we prioritize a workplace where every employee is valued, respected, and empowered to grow. We foster an environment that encourages innovation, collaboration, and diverse perspectives — because we know that great ideas come from great teams. Our commitment to ongoing career development and growing an inclusive culture ensures you have the support to thrive. Whether through mentorship, training, or leadership opportunities, we invest in your success so you can make a lasting impact. We believe diverse teams working together are key to driving growth and delivering business results.
We recognize the importance of employee well-being. We prioritize providing competitive benefits plans, a variety of medical insurance plans, an Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups, recognition, and much more. Our culture offers flexible time off plans, including paid parental leave (maternal and paternal), vacation, and holiday leave.


About Us

WHY EMERSON

Our Commitment to Our People

At Emerson, we are motivated by a spirit of collaboration that helps our diverse, multicultural teams across the world drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter, and more sustainable. And we want you to join us in our bold aspiration.

We have built an engaged community of inquisitive, dedicated people who thrive knowing they are welcomed, trusted, celebrated, and empowered to solve the world’s most complex problems — for our customers, our communities, and the planet. You’ll contribute to this vital work while further developing your skills through our award-winning employee development programs. We are a proud corporate citizen in every city where we operate and are committed to our people, our communities, and the world at large. We take this responsibility seriously and strive to make a positive impact through every endeavor.

At Emerson, you’ll see firsthand that our people are at the center of everything we do. So, let’s go. Let’s think differently. Learn, collaborate, and grow. Seek opportunity. Push boundaries. Be empowered to make things better. Speed up to break through. Let’s go, together.

Accessibility Assistance or Accommodation

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, please contact: idisability.administrator@emerson.com .

About Emerson

Emerson is a global leader in automation technology and software. Through our deep domain expertise and legacy of flawless execution, Emerson helps customers in critical industries like life sciences, energy, power and renewables, chemical and advanced factory automation operate more sustainably while improving productivity, energy security and reliability.

With global operations and a comprehensive portfolio of software and technology, we are helping companies implement digital transformation to measurably improve their operations, conserve valuable resources and enhance their safety.

We offer equitable opportunities, celebrate diversity, and embrace challenges with confidence that, together, we can make an impact across a broad spectrum of countries and industries. Whether you’re an established professional looking for a career change, an undergraduate student exploring possibilities, or a recent graduate with an advanced degree, you’ll find your chance to make a difference with Emerson. Join our team – let’s go!

No calls or agencies please.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology
Industries
Automation Machinery Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Emerson by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Release and Program Manager
Release and Program Manager
PTC
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 days ago
Release and Project Management, Consultant
Release and Project Management, Consultant
PTC
Pune City, Maharashtra, India
1 week ago
Tech Consultant - Release & Change Manager
Tech Consultant - Release & Change Manager
NTT DATA North America
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
1 day ago
IT Test & Release Manager
IT Test & Release Manager
BOBST
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
3 weeks ago
Senior Change and Release Engineer
Senior Change and Release Engineer
A.P. Moller - Maersk
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Technical Program Manager
Technical Program Manager
Cornerstone OnDemand
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
5 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Lead Platform Engineer
Lead Platform Engineer

Mastercard

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
17 hours ago
Deployment Lead
Deployment Lead

Accenture in India

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
5 days ago
Manager, Site Reliability Engineering
Manager, Site Reliability Engineering

Bentley Systems

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
4 days ago
Staff DevOps Engineer - Salesforce
Staff DevOps Engineer - Salesforce

bp

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
1 week ago
Tech Manager, Cloud Operations, Actimize
Tech Manager, Cloud Operations, Actimize

NiCE

Pune City, Maharashtra, India
19 hours ago
Planisware Architect
Planisware Architect

SLB

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
1 week ago
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer

Securonix

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
5 days ago
Manager_TECHNICAL ARCHITECT - Oracle RODOD Stack,Devops/SRE_Pune
Manager_TECHNICAL ARCHITECT - Oracle RODOD Stack,Devops/SRE_Pune

VOIS

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
3 weeks ago
Software Engineer
Software Engineer

Cisco

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
6 days ago
Senior Program Manager, ServiceNow Platform
Senior Program Manager, ServiceNow Platform

Northern Trust

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
6 days ago
Similar Searches
Release Manager jobs
5,638 open jobs
Change And Release Manager jobs
184 open jobs
Software Configuration Manager jobs
7,612 open jobs
Unix Consultant jobs
623 open jobs
Release Engineer jobs
3,467 open jobs
Deployment Manager jobs
4,865 open jobs
Build And Release Engineer jobs
3,712 open jobs
SAP Basis Team Lead jobs
194 open jobs
Software Release Engineer jobs
346 open jobs
Configuration Manager jobs
1,407 open jobs
Change Manager jobs
8,241 open jobs
Problem Manager jobs
2,374 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Emerson
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.