Title: Incident and Release Manager FCC
Company: Fidelity Canada
Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/incident-and-release-manager-fcc-at-fidelity-canada-4429486609
Posted: 2026-09-23
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role of Incident and Release Manager at Fidelity Canada matches Priya’s extensive experience in release management, CI/CD pipelines, cross-team coordination, and compliance with quality standards, aligning with her background at Elektrobit and Topcon.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Incident and Release Manager FCC
Fidelity Canada  Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Fidelity Canada has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Job Description

Please Note


Current work authorization for Canada is required for all openings.
This is a full-time regular role.
You will be working on a remote schedule as part of Fidelity’s dynamic working arrangement.


Who We Are

Fidelity Clearing Canada (FCC) is the leading independent clearing broker and custodian in the Canadian market. We provide trade execution, clearing, custody and back-office support services to Canadian-based brokerage firms and the Canadian brokerage arms of U.S.-based firms.

For more information about Fidelity Clearing Canada, please visit https//clearing.fidelity.ca/

The Opportunity

The Incident & Release Manager will be experienced in technology and operations incidents management and have an in-depth understanding of the value of holistic incident response planning. As well as experience in rigorous testing of incident response procedures and playbooks, rapid and timely response to critical technology and operations incidents. This role will manage application releases for critical FCC applications that are clients facing inclusive of ensuring the proper change processes are adhered to.

Act as the Incident Manager and establish proper processes within FCC


Ensure FIL Major Incident Management processes are followed for any major events in Canada.
Coordinate the activities of business continuity and disaster recovery analysts for the FCC Technology group.
For all Incidents affecting FCC, coordinate response and recovery activities with key internal employees, vendors, and other internal and external stakeholders.
Coordinate post-mortems and root cause analysis after every incident.
Ensure post-incident response reviews and reports are conducted on a timely basis, capturing lessons learned and improvements made to processes and playbooks.
Develop and maintain the critical incident response decision making tree for FCC.


Develop and maintain incident management playbooks


Refine existing incident response playbooks and develop additional playbooks as necessary Conduct periodic scenario analysis tests (tabletops or simulations) of response playbooks and ensure improvements are made based on results.


Adhere to the Fidelity Canada Enterprise Resiliency Program for FCC


Liaise with our clients’ International Major Incident Managers and represent our client in any major Global events.
Recommend enhancements to the Major Incident Management framework, where necessary.


Develop and facilitate regular training of employees and stakeholders at FCC


Develop and structure process for incidents within FCC.
Conduct periodic training sessions for FCC teams and educate them about their responsibilities within each step defined in the playbook.
Evaluate and recommend additional incident response resources (people, process, and technology), where necessary.


Production Release management


Ensures successful deployment of all code delivered by the Vendors or internal teams to the Fidelity Clearing Canada test and production environments by following the Fidelity Change Management policies as they relate to the provision of services.
Coordinates with appropriate FCC business units and vendor suppliers as applicable for each system change to ensure proper Change Management procedures are recorded and followed; this may include. (a) identify and schedule testing resources, (b) identify environmental set up requirements, (c) ensure successful completion of QA and UAT, (d) obtain sign off from business sponsors for acceptance to production environments, (e) ensure proper integration into production environments including deployment validation and authorization to the Vendor of acceptance, (f) ensure proper front office communication has been provided and (g) ensure back office training considerations are accounted for where required.
Through the management and application of the Fidelity Change Management policies, meets or exceeds all project quality and audit objectives for QA, UAT and Production implementation phases of the SDLC Cycle
Keeps management informed on timely basis of any issues which might impact successful delivery of deployment item and escalates as required, to ensure deliverables are kept on schedule and delivered as expected.


Technical Support Management


Ensures proper change management protocols are in place prior to production deployments.
Provides required documentation and visuals during audit cycles.
Organizes and chairs meetings with appropriate FCC and Vendor resources as required to ensure QA and UAT problems are communicated and tracked to resolution.
Coordinates the planning and scheduling of all upcoming deployments with the vendors and Product Owners within FCC.


Effortless experience


Establishes working relationships with appropriate FCC business units.
Recommend and develop new processes and procedures as required to ensure superior service.


Skills And Knowledge


Experience creating and continuously improving incident management role.
Experience running complex technology and operational incidents.
Solid knowledge and working experience in brokerage or banking business environment with focus on mid/back-office applications.
Analytical thinker Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Superior communication skills both written and oral, ability to effectively communicate technical material to non-technical users.
Strong ability to collaborate, influence and build relationships.


Job Related Experience


5+ years of incident and release management.
University degree or equivalent work experience.
Solid desktop computer skills using MS office.


Who We Are

Fidelity Clearing Canada (FCC) is the leading independent clearing broker and custodian in the Canadian market. We provide trade execution, clearing, custody and back-office support services to Canadian-based brokerage firms and the Canadian brokerage arms of U.S.-based firms.

For more information about Fidelity Clearing Canada, please visit https//clearing.fidelity.ca/

Total Rewards That Reflect Your Impact

We believe exceptional work deserves exceptional recognition. That’s why we offer a competitive compensation package designed to support your success today—and your financial well-being tomorrow.

For this role, your total rewards include


Base Salary and Discretionary Performance Bonus A competitive annual range of $135,000 to $146,000, based on your experience and qualifications.
RRSP Contribution After 6 months of employment, we invest in your future with an RRSP contribution—no employee matching required.


We’re proud to offer a compensation package that aligns with provincial pay transparency requirements.

This posting represents an existing vacancy within our organization—an opportunity to step into a role where your talents will make a meaningful difference.

We use AI-enabled LinkedIn Hiring Assistant to support parts of our sourcing process. Every hiring decision is reviewed and finalized by our recruiters. If you choose to ask questions of the LinkedIn HR Hiring Assistant, please be mindful that the responses are not official and must be confirmed for accuracy and completeness by Fidelity. If you are selected for an interview, the recruiter who contacts you can best answer your questions.

Fidelity Canada is an equal opportunity employer

Fidelity Canada is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, family status, protected veterans’ status, Aboriginal/Native American status or any other legally-protected ground.

Accommodation during the application process

Fidelity Canada welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in the selection process. If you require an accommodation, please email us at FidelityCanadaStaffing@fidelity.ca.

No telephone inquiries or agencies please. We thank all applicants for their interest, please be advised that only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Why Work at Fidelity?

We are proud to be recipients of the following

Awards


Canada's Top 100 Employers
Greater Toronto's Top Employers
Canada's Top Family-Friendly Employers
Canada's Top Employers for Young People
Great Place To Work® Certified
Best Workplaces for Inclusion
Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness
Best Workplaces for Today's Youth
Best Workplaces for Women
Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance
Best Workplaces in Ontario
Best Workplaces with Most Trusted Executive Teams
LinkedIn Top Companies in Canada
Human Resource Director (HRD) - Best Place To Work
HRD - 5-Star Benefit Program
HRD - 5-Star Diversity & Inclusion Employer


Designations


Canadian Compassionate Companies – Certified
Benefits Canada's Workplace Benefits Award - Future of Work Strategy
TalentEgg National Recruitment Excellence Award - Special Award for Diversity & Inclusion in Recruiting
Canadian HR Reporter's Most Innovative HR Team
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Information Technology
Industries
Financial Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Fidelity Canada by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Release Manager jobs in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Staff / Senior Deployment & Release Manager
Staff / Senior Deployment & Release Manager
AeroVect
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Release Lead
Release Lead
J&M Group
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Incident Manager
Incident Manager
Bell
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
4 days ago
Manager, Application Support & DevOps
Manager, Application Support & DevOps
CAA Club Group
Vaughan, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Service Delivery Management, Lead
Service Delivery Management, Lead
Interac Corp.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
SPECIALIST - TECHNOLOGY CHANGE MANAGEMENT - HYBRID
SPECIALIST - TECHNOLOGY CHANGE MANAGEMENT - HYBRID
GreenShield
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
CA$72,521 - CA$109,341
4 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Production Support Lead
Production Support Lead

SWITS DIGITAL Private Limited

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
4 weeks ago
Service Delivery Manager
Service Delivery Manager

Finastra

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Senior Portfolio Release Manager, Customer Growth
Senior Portfolio Release Manager, Customer Growth

Priceline

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Manager, Network Reliability and Resiliency
Manager, Network Reliability and Resiliency

ServiceNow

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
4 days ago
ITSM Analyst
ITSM Analyst

CAAT Pension Plan

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
5 days ago
Senior Application & Infrastructure Analyst
Senior Application & Infrastructure Analyst

Scotiabank

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Sr Release Train Engineering Manager (24 months contract)
Sr Release Train Engineering Manager (24 months contract)

OLG

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Cloud Support Lead
Cloud Support Lead

Supply Ontario

Greater Toronto Area, Canada
CA$88,496 - CA$128,625
4 days ago
Service Manager, Production Support
Service Manager, Production Support

Sapiens

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Process Incident & Problem Management
Process Incident & Problem Management

Scotiabank

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Change And Release Manager jobs
167 open jobs
Release Engineer jobs
1,158 open jobs
Deployment Manager jobs
4,679 open jobs
Build And Release Engineer jobs
1,070 open jobs
Configuration Manager jobs
487 open jobs
Change Manager jobs
8,343 open jobs
Problem Manager jobs
2,369 open jobs
Assistant Professor of Mathematics jobs
67 open jobs
Delivery Manager jobs
11,325 open jobs
Game Producer jobs
87 open jobs
Incident Manager jobs
585 open jobs
SAP Basis Manager jobs
124 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Fidelity Canada
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.