Title: Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Company: Inspiration Healthcare
Location: Croydon, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-of-quality-assurance-and-regulatory-affairs-at-inspiration-healthcare-4454271240
Posted: 2026-09-02
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's expertise in quality assurance, regulatory affairs, and medical device compliance (MDR/ISO 13485), matching her Topcon Healthcare experience and Elektrobit's ASPICE/TUV audit support.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Inspiration Healthcare  Croydon, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago  71 applicants
  

See who Inspiration Healthcare has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Job Purpose (Role Definition):

The Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs:


will manage the Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs function.
is appointed as the person responsible for regulatory compliance, ensuring that the business meets the requirements of the MDR.
is appointed by Top Management as the Management Representative.
is responsible for developing, implementing, maintaining and promoting the Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs strategy and providing leadership to the Regulatory and Quality Assurance functions.
is responsible for driving a quality and regulatory culture, ensuring that all staff are aware of the policies and procedures and the need to adhere to them.


The position also includes:


maintaining the Quality Management Systems and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements.
provides leadership to the Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs function
responsible for ensuring compliance with MDSAP and other regulations (where applicable)
the position is also responsible for making sure filings are completed in key global territories and supporting our customers' regulatory efforts
takes responsibility for the day-to-day Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs activities. In addition, the role is responsible for keeping abreast of all regulatory changes impacting on the business and providing regulatory support to project and development teams across the company


Main Duties and Responsibilities:


Act as Management Representative.
Act as the key liaison with the Authorised Person under the European Union Medical Device Regulation.
Ensuring that processes needed for the Quality Management Systems are documented in accordance with MDSAP and ISO 13485 standard.
Reporting to Chief Executive Officer on the effectiveness of the Quality Management Systems and any needs for improvements.
Ensuring the promotion of awareness of applicable regulatory requirements and Quality Management Systems requirements.
Support the preparation of global regulatory strategies for the registration of new and modified products and to implement the regulatory project plan, including applicable regulatory submission schedule deliverables.
To develop, implement, maintain, and promote Quality Assurance strategy.
Raise awareness and advise on compliance routes to support new product development.
To ensure compliance to all applicable standards, regulations and internal procedures by proactively interpreting Quality and regulatory requirements and devising and implementing solutions to support the maintenance and enhancement of Quality Management Systems and regulatory documentation.
Responsible for communications with customers, notified bodies and other regulatory bodies to address Quality Assurance, Quality Management Systems and Regulatory Affairs issues and accreditations.
Responsible for the overall compliance and delivery of Internal and External Audits, CAPA, Management Review and External Audits.
Liaising with competent authorities and regulatory authorities on issues with patient safety for all products.
Ensuring that Vigilance and PMS processes needed for the Quality Management Systems within the Group are documented in accordance with MDSAP and ISO 13485 standard.
Oversee the Complaint handling activities, ensuring all KPI's are met including complaint investigations and regulatory reporting timelines.
Supporting the promotion of supplier and manufacturing quality awareness of applicable quality requirements and Quality Management System requirements.
Responsible for the CAPA process management.
Oversee the Nonconformity process


Management Responsibilities:

Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs team

Experience and Qualifications Required:

Mandatory:


Five years of professional experience in regulatory affairs or in quality management systems relating to medical devices.
Proven leadership in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs within medical devices.
A demonstrable strong working knowledge and experience of applying medical device standards and regulations within the medical device industry, in particular ISO 60601 series.
Experience in liaising with Notified bodies, Certification Bodies and Competent Authorities.
Experience of development of new products from initial concept to commercialisation.
A track record of developing and executing global regulatory strategies that align with business needs.
Experience managing CE marking and FDA approval processes
Experience and demonstrated performance working with medical device quality management and/or regulatory affairs, in particular software medical device standards
Experience working across different regulatory markets; EU, US and UK and any other relevant markets.
Good knowledge of ISO 13485 and MDSAP
Good knowledge of ISO 60601 series


Desirable:


MDR Certification
Internal Audit Certification


Key Skills and Competencies:


A demonstrable and broad understanding of medical device quality assurance and regulatory affairs.
The ability to interpret regulatory and standard requirements to ensure that implications for users and processes are clear.
The ability to learn quickly and establish a high degree of regulatory and quality knowledge.
The ability to engage and deliver compelling presentations to a varied audience and communicate and present a technical subject matter in an understandable, coherent manner.
The ability to engage, inspire and manage subordinate staff to achieve the same levels of excellence expected of yourself.
Excellent communication skills, flexible attitude and capable of multi-tasking and working to tight deadlines and under pressure.
The ability to get on with and to influence people both internally and externally and to achieve objectives.
Clear thinker, who can work independently and show leadership in managing and undertaking activities.
Knowledgeable of, and sympathetic to, the commercial and business aspects of any transaction.
Show more 
Seniority level
Not Applicable
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Hospitals and Health Care
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Inspiration Healthcare by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Director, Quality & Regulatory Assurance – Life Sciences & Healthcare UKI
Director, Quality & Regulatory Assurance – Life Sciences & Healthcare UKI
DHL Supply Chain
Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Sr Manager Quality Assurance
Sr Manager Quality Assurance
Hasbro
Uxbridge, England, United Kingdom
10 hours ago
Director of Quality Assurance
Director of Quality Assurance
CoMind
London, England, United Kingdom
£120,000 - £140,000
1 week ago
Head of Sterility Assurance (f/m/d)
Head of Sterility Assurance (f/m/d)
Siemens Healthineers
London, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Manager, E.U. Medical Device & IVD Regulation
Manager, E.U. Medical Device & IVD Regulation
Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine
High Wycombe, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Associate Director, Quality Auditor, GVP
Associate Director, Quality Auditor, GVP
GSK
London, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Quality (QA) Lead - CDMO
Quality (QA) Lead - CDMO

Mytos

Harrow, England, United Kingdom
3 months ago
Director - Regulatory Affairs Lifecycle Management Medicines
Director - Regulatory Affairs Lifecycle Management Medicines

Perrigo Company plc

London, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Quality Assurance Manager
Quality Assurance Manager

Cure Talent

Stevenage, England, United Kingdom
£50,000 - £60,000
3 weeks ago
Global R&D Risk and Compliance Manager
Global R&D Risk and Compliance Manager

Haleon

London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Regulatory Affairs Specialist

Cambridge Consultants

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
7 months ago
Quality Compliance Officer & Responsible Person (RP)
Quality Compliance Officer & Responsible Person (RP)

Norgine

Uxbridge, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
UK ICQA Operations Manager, EU Quality
UK ICQA Operations Manager, EU Quality

Amazon

Dunstable, England, United Kingdom
14 hours ago
EU Director, Regulatory Affairs
EU Director, Regulatory Affairs

TFS HealthScience

London, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Country Clinical Quality Manager
Country Clinical Quality Manager

MSD in the UK

London, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Quality Excellence Management Representative
Quality Excellence Management Representative

LyondellBasell

Bletchley, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Similar Searches
Director of Quality Assurance jobs
1,033 open jobs
Test Director jobs
348 open jobs
Senior Director Quality Assurance jobs
94 open jobs
Director of Testing jobs
10,165 open jobs
Director Quality Engineering jobs
380 open jobs
Consulting Practice Director jobs
436 open jobs
Software Test Consultant jobs
173 open jobs
Vice President of Quality jobs
147 open jobs
Director of Quality jobs
3,367 open jobs
Quality Assurance Manager jobs
2,770 open jobs
Quality Engineering Manager jobs
3,115 open jobs
Software Quality Assurance Manager jobs
63 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Inspiration Healthcare
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.