Title: Technical Writer
Company: Interac Corp.
Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/technical-writer-at-interac-corp-4406917388
Posted: 2026-09-27
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's experience as a Technical Communication Specialist and her background in regulated industries, meets location requirements (Toronto, Canada), and fits the mid-senior level experience she has.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Technical Writer
Interac Corp.  Toronto, Ontario, Canada
2 days ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Interac Corp. has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Who We Are:

Every transaction matters. Every Canadian matters. At Interac, we protect both — driving trust, security, and inclusion, so our digital economy thrives.

Founded in 1984, Interac connects Canadians through secure digital payments, advanced identity verification and industry-leading fraud protection. Connecting banks, businesses, and individuals, Interac enables millions to send, receive, and manage money safely and effortlessly every day — across both digital and physical environments.

As the backbone of Canada’s financial ecosystem, Interac facilitates over 20 million transactions daily, supported by trusted partnerships with government and financial institutions. Consistently ranked as Canada’s most reputable financial technology brand, Interac is deeply embedded in the daily lives of Canadians.

At Interac, we design and deliver products and solutions that give Canadians control over their money so they can get more out of life. But that’s not all. Whether we’re leading real-time money movement, driving innovative commerce solutions like open payments for transit systems, or making advancements in new areas like verification and open banking, we are playing a key role in shaping the future of the digital economy in Canada.

Want to make a lasting impact amongst a community of creative thinkers, problem solvers, technical gurus, and high-performance application developers? We want to hear from you.

Reporting to the Leader, Business and Information Security Office (BISO) and IT Compliance Management, the Technical Writer will work with cross-functional teams and Agile squads to produce documentation in support of assigned projects. Because compliance is within our mandate, the Technical Writer will also be heavily involved in ensuring content supports our compliance with industry standards. They will write documentation that is engaging, consistent, user-friendly, accurate, and follows our documentation standards.

What You Will Do:


Building a rapport with subject matter experts across teams and squads to generate clear and accurate content that is up-to-date, effective, and user centric.
Fostering a culture of continuous improvement within the team by consistently refining and optimizing our processes and documentation practices.
Adopting and practicing the Agile principles and values followed by Interac.
Creating, developing, and maintaining exceptional technical documentation in the form of procedures, policies, processes, standards, as well as build and play books.
Analyzing processes to understand and document workflows.
Demonstrating the ability to achieve successful outcomes while managing your workload and any competing priorities.
Guiding the creation of well-structured repositories to track documentation and affiliated references for a project or ongoing operation.
Periodically reviewing and updating the library of technical terms and documentation knowledge base.
Staying updated with industry trends and best practices in content writing and sharing insights with the team.
Developing and publishing best practices and resources to enable Interac employees to effectively self-manage knowledge and use related tools.


What You Bring:


5+ years of professional technical writing, editorial, or copywriting experience.
A degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Technical Communication English or a related discipline, such as Communications, Journalism, or English.
Experience engaging with, guiding, and extracting knowledge from technical subject matter experts.
Initiative. You have the confidence to navigate obstacles by proactively identifying and addressing them on your own.
General knowledge of technical disciplines, such as coding, software design, servers, databases, networks, cloud, certificates, and/or middleware.
Familiarity with standard IT Service Management (ITSM) operational practices and processes like DevOps, DevSecOps, and ITIL.
The ability to create clear, accessible writing with a keen eye for consistency and technical accuracy.
Experience owning the end-to-end documentation creation process through strong time-management skills and providing status updates on tasks as assigned.
Understanding of knowledge management practices.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, and problem-solving skills.
The ability to thrive in a Payment Card Industry (PCI) and ISO27001 governed environment.
Understanding that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making.
A love for information. You enjoy getting into the weeds technically, but don't let that distract you from achieving your end goals.
In-depth knowledge of Word, PowerPoint, and Excel as well as building and using their templates.
Experience with knowledge management tools, such as Confluence, Lucidchart, MS Teams, SharePoint, and ServiceNow Knowledge Base is an asset.
Eligibility to work for Interac Corp. in Canada in a full-time capacity.


What We’re Offering:

The hiring range for this position is $80000-$90000 CAD , and you will also be eligible for our short-term incentive plan. The exact amount will depend on factors such as skills, experience, and job-related knowledge, but Interac’s commitment goes beyond compensation. Our Total Rewards package is designed to support your well-being and future, and includes:


Generous vacation and wellness days to help you recharge
Comprehensive employer-paid benefits coverage for peace of mind
Market-leading employer-funded RRSP program to invest in your future
Flexible hybrid work model for better work-life balance
Access to a free and confidential 24/7 employee & family assistance program to offer support for you and your immediate family
Pregnancy and parental leave top-up to support growing families
Charitable donation matching with United Way to amplify your impact


Why Join Us?

At Interac, the impact we make, and the people who drive it, is profound. When you become part of our team, you’re joining a purpose-driven organization that’s shaping the future of digital finance in Canada. Here’s what you can expect:


Investing in the Future – Help us unlock digital prosperity for all Canadians.
Innovative Thinking – Collaborate on products, practices, and platforms that redefine what’s possible.
Inclusive Culture – Be empowered to bring your whole self to work and realize your full potential.
Inspiring Community – Work in an ecosystem where we lift each other up and rise together.
Intentional Support – Enjoy flexible, supportive offerings that prioritize your total wellness.


Additional Pre-Employment Requirements:

To ensure the integrity of our organization, successful candidates will be required to complete background checks, which may include, Canadian Criminal Credit Check, Canadian ID Cross-Check, Public Safety Verification, 5-year Employment Verification, Education Verification, Credit Check, and Social Media Check.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Interac is also an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We believe that innovation thrives when people from different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives come together. That’s why we are committed to providing fair and equitable employment opportunities for all individuals, without discrimination based on race, color, ancestry, ethnic origin, place of origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital or family status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

If you require accommodation during any stage of the application or recruitment process, please contact us at humanresources@interac.ca. We will work with you to meet your needs.

Please be aware that certain individuals are misusing Interac Corp.’s name and logo to promote fictitious employment opportunities. Interac Corp. never requests, solicits, or accepts any form of payment in exchange for employment. Any such offers are fraudulent and should be disregarded. Interac Corp. assumes no liability for any claims, losses, damages, expenses, or inconveniences arising from or related to these fraudulent activities. Such communications do not constitute an offer or representation by Interac Corp. or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Marketing, Public Relations, and Writing/Editing
Industries
Financial Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Interac Corp. by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Technical Writer jobs in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Senior Technical Writer jobs
Technical Writer
Similar jobs
Technical Writer
Technical Writer
Braze
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
14 hours ago
Technical Writer
Technical Writer
ZenaTech Inc.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
CA$60,000 - CA$70,000
2 weeks ago
Technical Writer III - Product Docs (Hybrid, Toronto)
Technical Writer III - Product Docs (Hybrid, Toronto)
CrowdStrike
Greater Toronto Area, Canada
1 week ago
Technical Writer-Digital Products
Technical Writer-Digital Products
Mircom Group of Companies
Vaughan, Ontario, Canada
4 months ago
Product Knowledge Base Technical Writer
Product Knowledge Base Technical Writer
Survalent
Oakville, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Product Knowledge Base Technical Writer
Product Knowledge Base Technical Writer
Survalent
Brampton, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Education Content Specialist
Education Content Specialist

OceanMD, a WELLSTAR Company

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
19 hours ago
Health Physics Product – Documentation/Technical Support Specialist
Health Physics Product – Documentation/Technical Support Specialist

Mirion Technologies

Vaughan, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Specialist, Digital Content
Specialist, Digital Content

Definity

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Medical Writer
Medical Writer

Alimentiv

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
CA$69,000 - CA$115,500
5 hours ago
Specifications Writer
Specifications Writer

Turner Fleischer

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
6 days ago
Senior Technical Writing Ecologist
Senior Technical Writing Ecologist

WSP in Canada

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
5 days ago
Copywriter II
Copywriter II

Affirm

Hamilton, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Medical Writer, Medical Communications
Medical Writer, Medical Communications

Prime

Brampton, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Medical Writer, Medical Communications
Medical Writer, Medical Communications

Prime

Markham, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Medical Writer II
Medical Writer II

EVERSANA

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
CA$83,000 - CA$87,000
5 days ago
Similar Searches
Senior Technical Writer jobs
396 open jobs
Lead Technical Writer jobs
253 open jobs
Contract Technical Writer jobs
123 open jobs
Technical Editor jobs
323 open jobs
Senior Project Control Specialist jobs
117 open jobs
Documentation Manager jobs
2,050 open jobs
Documentation Engineer jobs
1,410 open jobs
Information Developer jobs
14,724 open jobs
Writer jobs
1,376 open jobs
Language Arts Teacher jobs
36 open jobs
Technical Illustrator jobs
540 open jobs
Information System Administrator jobs
879 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Interac Corp.
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.