Title: Director, Quality
Company: Integer Holdings Corporation
Location: New Ross, Ireland
URL: https://ie.linkedin.com/jobs/view/director-quality-at-integer-holdings-corporation-4435173275
Posted: 2026-09-26
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's experience in regulated quality management (ISO 13485/EU MDR), her leadership background, and the target location (Ireland).

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Director, Quality
Integer Holdings Corporation  New Ross, Ireland
6 days ago  57 applicants
  

See who Integer Holdings Corporation has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
By living according to a common set of values, we create a culture that unifies, embraces the uniqueness we all bring to the company, and positions Integer for long-term success.

At Integer, our values are embedded in everything we do.

Customer

We focus on our customers’ success

Innovation

We create better solutions

Collaboration

We create success together

Inclusion

We always interact with others respectfully

Candor

We are open and honest with one another

Integrity

We do the right things and do things right

Who are we?

Integer is a global provider of innovative technologies and manufacturing solutions to Medical Device OEM’s (original equipment manufacturers) to enhance the lives of patients worldwide. We are guided by our Values Customers, Innovation, Collaboration, Inclusion, Candor, and Integrity.

What You’ll Do In This Role

Provide energetic and strategic quality leadership to the manufacturing site(s) assigned to:


Ensure sites meet customer requirements while maintaining. Compliance with applicable quality and regulatory standards, policies and procedures; and adhere to Integer Values and all safety, environmental, security requirements and regulations.
Elevate the impact of the local QMS within the overarching Integer QMS. Lead the execution of quality initiatives to promote and reinforce a culture of quality, customer experience, and innovation.
Influence and drive change management to design quality into product and process through robust characterization and capability activity, to increase the velocity of improvement.
Serve as the management representative accountable for the full local QMS.
Build and lead a high-performing Quality team, fostering company pride.
Develop a proactive site approach to the customer experience fostering trust, while also serving as a principal liaison for customer quality escalations.
Review and approve key quality records including but not limited to engineering change requests, customer change notices, nonconformance reports, engineering reports, CAPAs, etc.


You are accountable for correcting and preventing quality related gaps in existing processes and driving process improvements required to enable the organization to execute at a more accurate and efficient level.

Build & Develop Teams


Create and sustain an environment for developing talent from initial onboarding, through individual development planning, and organizational succession planning. Model the way by coaching team members.
Advocate effectively for your team, proactively build the team “brand” and embed an ‘I own Quality’ mindset.
Establish clear objectives, communication rhythms, and an empowered collaborative, inclusive, and accountable culture based on mutual trust.


Customer Experience And Innovation


Serve as the primary quality customer interface, ensuring transparent, timely and responsive communication.
Improve customer-facing metrics (e.g. Complaint metrics) and prevent recurrence through effective CAPA.
Champion built-in quality, experiment-and-learn approaches, and data-driven improvements that accelerate safe, reliable new product introductions and product/process changes.
Encourage, leverage and adopt technology to improve speed, control and visibility in the quality system.


Design Assurance, NPI And Design Transfer


Provide design assurance leadership for new products, line extensions, and other customer driven product development. Enable a “quality by design” mindset; comply with company’s Product Development Process.
Partner with R&D and Advanced Manufacturing Engineering to ensure robust design transfer with acceptable process capability and 1st pass yields for production.


Manufacturing Support


Align with Plant leadership on prioritized projects, ensuring completion and proactive quality support.
Ensure plant operates with robust controls for nonconformance and supplier quality processes, including but not limited to containment, bounding, root cause analysis, corrective/preventive actions, and effectiveness checks. When needed, lead cross site quality resolution.
Partner with Engineering to support tooling, equipment and process improvements.
Support simplification and lean (5S) principles across the sites.
Manage budget and strategic plans. When appropriate, develop business case justifications for additional resources and investment.


Provide Support Of Integer’s Strategic Imperatives


Embrace the Manufacturing Excellence culture based on the Integer Production System and its five focus areas:
Strategy Alignment through quality planning meetings, as Quality representative at site Plant Leadership team meetings, and through site all-hands communication meetings.
Leadership of Sustained Change by identifying opportunities to continuously improve our processes and products in compliance with all customer contractual obligations and regulatory requirements.
Standardization through workplace organization & visual controls (5S), Manufacturing Standard Work, robust training & certification programs and the adoption of Quality policies and procedures that are aligned to and harmonized with the enterprise (Integer) Quality Management System.
Associate Engagement at all levels of the organization, promoted through collaborative problem solving, behavior-based safety programs, and improvement idea and systems.
Systems & Process Optimization through adoption of principles of built-in quality, optimized scheduling & material system designs, work cell design, and total productive maintenance.

How You Will Be Measured

Success will be measured through site participation in Integer Environmental, Health & Safety; achievement of goals and objectives including quality and delivery metrics, continuous improvement contributions, and associate engagement and development.

What Sets You Apart

Minimum education: Bachelor’s degree in a quality engineering or related field; Master’s degree preferred. Certifications such as ASQ Quality Manager/Engineer or Six Sigma Black Belt preferred.

Minimum experience:.10+ years of experience, including 6+ years in management in a Medical Device or other regulated manufacturing environment.

Specialized knowledge and skills


Expertise in 21CFR820, ISO13485, ISO9001, EU MDR, Good Manufacturing Practices, auditing, design controls and statistical concepts including Design of Experiments, Capability Studies, Validations, etc.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
High degree of Emotional Intelligence and can share examples of developing talent.
Limited travel (less than 25%). Must have a current passport and are able to secure appropriate visas, as required, for travel to international locations.


U.S. Applicants: Equal Opportunity Employer. In addition, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Show more 
Seniority level
Director
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Medical Equipment Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Integer Holdings Corporation by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Director of Quality jobs in New Ross, Ireland.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Quality Manager (Laboratory)
Quality Manager (Laboratory)
Abbott
Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland
2 months ago
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
ALS
Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland
3 days ago
Snr. Director Manufacturing Operations Wexford
Snr. Director Manufacturing Operations Wexford
Waters Corporation
Wexford, County Wexford, Ireland
3 months ago
Director Engineering
Director Engineering
Waters Corporation
Wexford, County Wexford, Ireland
3 months ago
Quality & Continuous Improvement Manager - UPMC Aut Even Hospital
Quality & Continuous Improvement Manager - UPMC Aut Even Hospital
UPMC Ireland
Kilkenny, County Kilkenny, Ireland
€60,000 - €75,000
1 week ago
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
M. Heffernan Engineering Ltd
Carrick-on-Suir, County Tipperary, Ireland
3 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Quality Control Technician
Quality Control Technician

eTeam

Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland
1 week ago
Validation Compliance Specialist
Validation Compliance Specialist

Next Generation

Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland
2 days ago
Quality Control Engineer
Quality Control Engineer

LMH Engineering Ireland.

Arklow, County Wicklow, Ireland
2 weeks ago
Head of Operations

Springhill Kitchens DAC

Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland
1 week ago
QA Validation Engineer (Cleaning)
QA Validation Engineer (Cleaning)

DPS Group Global

County Wicklow, Ireland
6 days ago
CQV/Validation Engineer
CQV/Validation Engineer

CAI

Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland
1 week ago
Biopharmaceutical Team Leader - MDV
Biopharmaceutical Team Leader - MDV

Eurofins

Dungarvan, County Waterford, Ireland
1 week ago
Director, Data Science
Director, Data Science

Sun Life

Waterford, County Waterford, Ireland
14 hours ago
Biopharmaceutical Team Leader - MDV
Biopharmaceutical Team Leader - MDV

Eurofins Biopharma Product Testing Ireland

Dungarvan, County Waterford, Ireland
1 week ago
Process Engineer
Process Engineer

Magna International

Bagenalstown, County Carlow, Ireland
1 week ago
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Integer Holdings Corporation
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.