Title: DevOps Engineer
Company: LSEG
Location: Nottingham, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/devops-engineer-at-lseg-4419097148
Posted: 2026-09-14
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with her DevOps, CI/CD, and automation skills and is located in the United Kingdom.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
DevOps Engineer
LSEG  Nottingham, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who LSEG has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
ABOUT US:

LSEG (London Stock Exchange Group) is more than a diversified global financial markets infrastructure and data business. We are dedicated, open-access partners with a dedication to excellence in delivering the services our customers expect from us. With extensive experience, deep knowledge and worldwide presence across financial markets, we enable businesses and economies around the world to fund innovation, manage risk and create jobs. It’s how we’ve contributed to supporting the financial stability and growth of communities and economies globally for more than 300 years. Through a comprehensive suite of trusted financial market infrastructure services – and our open-access model – we provide the flexibility, stability and trust that enable our customers to pursue their ambitions with confidence and clarity.

LSEG is headquartered in the United Kingdom, with significant operations in 70 countries across EMEA, North America, Latin America and Asia Pacific. We employ 25,000 people globally, more than half located in Asia Pacific. LSEG’s ticker symbol is LSEG.

OUR PEOPLE:

People are at the heart of what we do and drive the success of our business. Our culture of connecting, creating opportunity and delivering excellence shape how we think, how we do things and how we help our people fulfil their potential. We embrace diversity and actively seek to attract individuals with unique backgrounds and perspectives. We break down barriers and encourage teamwork, enabling innovation and rapid development of solutions that make a difference. Our workplace generates an enriching and rewarding experience for our people and customers alike. Our vision is to build an inclusive culture in which everyone feels encouraged to fulfil their potential.

We know that real personal growth cannot be achieved by simply climbing a career ladder – which is why we encourage and enable a wealth of avenues and interesting opportunities for everyone to broaden and deepen their skills and expertise. As a global organisation spanning 70 countries and one rooted in a culture of growth, opportunity, diversity and innovation, LSEG is a place where everyone can grow, develop and fulfil your potential with meaningful careers.

ROLE PROFILE:

A leader in the Financial Industry for Innovation, LSEG continues to look toward new technology to drive our high performance, real-time systems to perform better with the highest uptime available, and a strong focus on our clients.

Data rates in our industry continue to climb, with an expectation that the latency continues to improve. This sophisticated set of requirements requires the best in innovation for handling both real-time data feeds already in the marketplace, and for our clients who wish to contribute directly to our financial systems.

Crucial to meeting these challenges is a strong automation pipeline to rapidly develop, test, and deploy our real time systems to quickly meet the demands of the marketplace.

ROLE SUMMARY:

As a DevOps Engineer you will be a part of a team responsible for the full CI/CD pipeline which sits in the critical path of client-impacting product delivery in the cloud. The team engages in the design, development, testing and support of the automation software, test cases, and environments. We are a global network of developers, and everyone engages in a high degree of collaboration across the global team - including working closely with Business Analysts, Product Owners, Architects, and Feed Developers. This position requires that the candidate be flexible, proficient at multitasking, able to balance client issue investigations with day-to-day development work, and comfortable working in a global setting and collaborating with global teams.

WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING:


Working with the global development and product teams to define, develop, test, and maintain a full CI/CD pipeline with a focus on cloud deployments
Take full ownership of solutions and drive them through to completion
Demonstrate a passion for dramatically improving the testing and deployment of client products through automation
Identify, propose, and drive enhancements to improve our pipeline capabilities
Engage in continued learning and look for opportunities to use emerging technology to improve solutions
Participate in regular peer reviews
Provide third-level support to issues raised by stakeholders
Work within our defined engineering methodology based on agile principles and tools


WHAT YOU'LL BRING:


Strong experience with cloud platforms, including AWS and Microsoft Azure
Proficiency in Python for scripting, automation, and application development
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git)
Solid understanding of Linux environments and Bash scripting
Hands-on experience developing and integrating REST and GraphQL APIs
Familiarity with containerization technologies, particularly Docker
Experience working with NoSQL databases (e.g., DynamoDB)
Knowledge of container orchestration tools, such as Kubernetes
Experience with CI/CD pipelines and automation tools, including Jenkins
Able to work effectively in a virtual environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Strong analytical skills for troubleshooting and diagnostics
Ability to thoroughly test and debug code, with a focus on test driven development


Career Stage:

Senior Associate

London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) Information:

Join us and be part of a team that values innovation, quality, and continuous improvement. If you're ready to take your career to the next level and make a significant impact, we'd love to hear from you.

LSEG is a leading global financial markets infrastructure and data provider. Our purpose is driving financial stability, empowering economies and enabling customers to create sustainable growth.

Our purpose is the foundation on which our culture is built. Our values of Integrity, Partnership, Excellence and Change underpin our purpose and set the standard for everything we do, every day. They go to the heart of who we are and guide our decision making and everyday actions.

Working with us means that you will be part of a dynamic organisation of 25,000 people across 65 countries. However, we will value your individuality and enable you to bring your true self to work so you can help enrich our diverse workforce.

We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer. This means that we do not discriminate on the basis of anyone’s race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. Conforming with applicable law, we can reasonably accommodate applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as mental health or physical disability needs.

You will be part of a collaborative and creative culture where we encourage new ideas. We are committed to sustainability across our global business and we are proud to partner with our customers to help them meet their sustainability objectives. Our charity, the LSEG Foundation provides charitable grants to community groups that help people access economic opportunities and build a secure future with financial independence. Colleagues can get involved through fundraising and volunteering.

LSEG offers a range of tailored benefits and support, including healthcare, retirement planning, paid volunteering days and wellbeing initiatives.

Please take a moment to read this privacy notice carefully, as it describes what personal information London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG) (we) may hold about you, what it’s used for, and how it’s obtained, your rights and how to contact us as a data subject.

If you are submitting as a Recruitment Agency Partner, it is essential and your responsibility to ensure that candidates applying to LSEG are aware of this privacy notice.
Show more 
Seniority level
Entry level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting and Financial Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at LSEG by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Cloud DevOps Engineer
Accenture UK & Ireland
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
DevOps / SRE Engineer (Sheffield)
DevOps / SRE Engineer (Sheffield)
Bumper
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
DEVOPS ENGINEER - AWS
DEVOPS ENGINEER - AWS
Felix Consultants
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer
Cloudfy
Leicester, England, United Kingdom
£45,000 - £50,000
1 week ago
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer
Next
Leicester, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
AWS DevOps Engineer - SC MOD Required
AWS DevOps Engineer - SC MOD Required
IBM
Leicester, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
DevOps Engineer
DevOps Engineer

Anson McCade

England, United Kingdom
3 days ago
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer

Voyage Care Ltd

Lichfield, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Cloud Operations Engineer
Cloud Operations Engineer

Klipboard

South Yorkshire, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Platform Engineer
Platform Engineer

Searchability®

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Azure DevOps Engineer - SC MOD Required
Azure DevOps Engineer - SC MOD Required

IBM

Leicester, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Platform Engineer (contract)
Platform Engineer (contract)

Microsoft

Atherstone, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
DevSecOps Engineer
DevSecOps Engineer

Undisclosed

Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Staff Platform Engineer - UK
Staff Platform Engineer - UK

Ashby

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
£151,000 - £246,000
2 weeks ago
Cloud Engineer
Cloud Engineer

La Fosse

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Cloud Database Engineer
Cloud Database Engineer

LexisNexis Risk Solutions

Nottinghamshire, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Similar Searches
Portfolio Architect jobs
2,395 open jobs
Senior Database Consultant jobs
85 open jobs
Business Objects Developer jobs
2,633 open jobs
Equity Portfolio Manager jobs
371 open jobs
Assistant Fund Manager jobs
269 open jobs
Secondary English Teacher jobs
2,150 open jobs
Membership Associate jobs
4,796 open jobs
Risk Operations Manager jobs
700 open jobs
Unix Engineer jobs
1,127 open jobs
Front Office Developer jobs
21,662 open jobs
Technology Risk Consultant jobs
151 open jobs
Exchange Engineer jobs
1,372 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at LSEG
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.