Title: Sr Release Train Engineering Manager (24 months contract)
Company: OLG
Location: Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-release-train-engineering-manager-24-months-contract-at-olg-4468674958
Posted: 2026-09-30
Deadline: 2026-10-04
Reason: The role aligns with Priya's experience in release management and configuration management, located in Canada (a target country), and does not have any hard-rejection criteria.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Sr Release Train Engineering Manager (24 months contract)
OLG  Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
9 hours ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who OLG has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Range

95,200.00 - 142,800.00 CAD

Job Description

Sr Release Train Engineering Manager (24 months contract)

We are ready to take this game to the next level and need someone passionate to support the ongoing management of the release trains across the Digital Platform for deployment, collaborating with the Service Providers, Labs and other OLG stakeholders (e.g., Lottery, Technology) to ensure smooth scheduling and deployment of product features across the various product domains on the Digital Platform. In this capacity, the Sr Release Train Engineering Manager works in close collaboration with Scrum Masters, Product Owners and Business Analysts to inform the overall release schedule for the Digital Platform, facilitate release train events and work to remove obstacles related to cross-lab conflicts/interactions on the Digital Platform to assist the labs in delivering value.

YOUR ROLE IN THE GAME

Reporting to the Director Digital Release Train & UAT, you will be empowered to:


Manage the overall Release Train Schedule across all digital platforms, drive visibility and transparency of release dates, milestones, and dependencies throughout the process
Provide recommendations to adapt plans and schedules as required throughout software development sprints and releases to respond to emerging requirements and risks
Foster constructive and proactive communication across labs and divisions to ensure goals and priorities, key decisions, and status is clear to all
Communicate with Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Business Analysts and stakeholders to escalate impediments, help manage risk and drive relentless improvement
Manage the sequencing of product releases across the entire portfolio of work for delivery in alignment with the identified priorities while managing dependencies and constraints
Manage the ongoing maintenance of the overarching digital integrated release (train) plan, with consideration to optimal delivery scenarios
Perform analysis to identify emerging trends and provide recommendations to Director, Release Train & Scrum Master Lead; engaging with other divisions and service providers/partners to remove barriers to delivery and align on tactics to mitigate risks and address issues
Track and report, to Director, Release Train & Scrum Master Lead and digital leadership, progress on the release train including status, risks, benefits and required actions
Play a key role in the development and implementation of delivery processes to ensure roadmap priorities are achieved in an efficient manner and according to plan timelines
Participate in the resolution of issues with other departments/divisions/delivery partners in a manner that best supports and balances conflicting priorities and/or constrained resources to achieve the digital roadmap
Contribute to the enhancement of the release management framework, including all requisite artifacts and processes, to enable accelerated value delivery across the digital labs
Facilitate hand-off of releases to Digital Operations and IT Operations for production deployment



Education & Experience

WHAT YOU BRING TO THE GAME


Bachelor’s degree in any discipline. Master’s degree in business administration/management is preferred
Certified SAFe Release Train Engineer, SAFe Program Consultant or PMI-PgMP® equivalent experience preferred
5-7 years of delivery experience, with evidence of increasing collaborations with vendors and senior leadership



Relevant Skills


Strong interpersonal and communication skills with ability to communicate complex messages (in person, video or in writing) and teach new concepts
Outstanding organizational skills with the ability to apply agile principles, tools and techniques to lead, manage and help teams execute successful digital software product development
The ability to apply problem-solving skills and knowledge of Information Technology to a variety of complex situations
Strong Stakeholder Management Skills



Benefits Of Joining The Winning Team


Public Service Pension Plan: Participation in a highly desirable defined benefit pension plan.
Paid Time-Off: Competitive paid time-off provisions to support work-life balance and well-being.
Growth Focus: Become your best self with comprehensive support for your professional development.
Equity, diversity, and inclusion: Core to OLG’s culture, empowering employees to bring their authentic selves and make a meaningful impact across Ontario.



To learn more about our organization and other opportunities visit our career site.

We look forward to hearing from you, interested applicants please apply online by October 4, 2026.

Please Note: Unless otherwise specified, all positions are required to work fully onsite.

OLG is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Please contact Human Resources at careers@olg.ca if you require accommodation at any time throughout the hire process.

We welcome applicants from all backgrounds and experiences. If you bring relevant skills and a willingness to learn, we encourage you to apply—even if you don’t meet every listed qualification. We sincerely appreciate your interest; while we are unable to contact everyone, those selected for the next steps will be notified.

We thank you for your interest in this opportunity; however only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted.

Personal information is collected by the Ontario Lottery & Gaming Corporation (OLG) and/or its third party service provider(s) under the authority of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Act, 1999, SO 1999, c 12, Sch L and the Employment Standards Act, 2000, S.O. 2000, c. 41 (as amended) and will be used for the purpose of determining qualifications for employment with OLG and for recruitment modernization initiatives. The information will be managed in accordance with all applicable laws, OLG’s Protection of Privacy Policy (the Policy) and related policies and procedures. For any questions about this collection, please contact careers@olg.ca, 800-70 Foster Drive, Sault Ste. Marie, ON, P6A 6V2.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Entertainment Providers
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at OLG by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Senior Engineering Manager jobs in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Technical Delivery Manager
Technical Delivery Manager
Bally’s Corporation
Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
2 months ago
Technical Delivery Manager
Technical Delivery Manager
Intralot
Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Senior Specialist - Quality Engineering
Senior Specialist - Quality Engineering
LTM
Rankin Location 15 D, Ontario, Canada
$65 - $80
2 months ago
Sr. DevOps Engineer
Sr. DevOps Engineer
LTM
Rankin Location 15 D, Ontario, Canada
$110,000 - $115,000
4 months ago
Senior Technical Business Analyst
Senior Technical Business Analyst
Compugen Inc
Rankin Location 15 D, Ontario, Canada
3 weeks ago
Enterprise Data Architect - Remote
Enterprise Data Architect - Remote
Compugen Inc
Rankin Location 15 D, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Emergency Spill Response Project Manager - Full Time (Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada)
Emergency Spill Response Project Manager - Full Time (Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada)

Pario Engineering & Environmental Sciences

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Activity Aide, Adult Day Program - Casual
Activity Aide, Adult Day Program - Casual

VON Canada

Algoma, Ontario, Canada
CA$18.25 - CA$22.57
1 week ago
Workday Adaptive Planning Developer
Workday Adaptive Planning Developer

TENCYS

Thessalon 12, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Staffing Assistant – Staffing and Scheduling – Part Time
Staffing Assistant – Staffing and Scheduling – Part Time

Sault Area Hospital

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
6 days ago
Porter- Central Transport Services- Part Time
Porter- Central Transport Services- Part Time

Sault Area Hospital

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
4 days ago
Seasonal Retail Associate
Seasonal Retail Associate

Best Buy Canada

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
2 days ago
Management Trainee
Management Trainee

Enterprise

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
1 day ago
Product Support Manager
Product Support Manager

Toromont Cat

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
3 days ago
Loss Prevention Officer - Retail
Loss Prevention Officer - Retail

Blackbird Tech Solutions

Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
AI ENGINEER
AI ENGINEER

DATAEKO.AI

Huron Shores, Ontario, Canada
1 month ago
Similar Searches
Senior Software Engineering Manager jobs
2,522 open jobs
Director of Engineering jobs
1,182 open jobs
Engineering Manager jobs
7,405 open jobs
Software Engineering Manager jobs
3,105 open jobs
Senior Director of Engineering jobs
349 open jobs
Director of Software Engineering jobs
375 open jobs
Senior Engineering Project Manager jobs
2,216 open jobs
Senior Cost Analyst jobs
1,228 open jobs
Head of Software jobs
834 open jobs
Head of Software Engineering jobs
618 open jobs
Vice President of Engineering jobs
273 open jobs
Director Quality Engineering jobs
324 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at OLG
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.