Title: Configuration Manager
Company: Rolls-Royce SMR
Location: Derby, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/configuration-manager-at-rolls-royce-smr-4431970601
Posted: 2026-09-26
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role of Configuration Manager at Rolls-Royce SMR in Derby, UK aligns with Priya’s extensive experience in configuration management within regulated environments (e.g., Elektrobit’s ASPICE/TUV work and Topcon’s MDR/ISO 13485 compliance), and the location is within her target countries.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Configuration Manager
Rolls-Royce SMR  Derby, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago  135 applicants
  

See who Rolls-Royce SMR has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume

Direct message the job poster from Rolls-Royce SMR

Sajid Mahmood
Sajid Mahmood
Senior Talent Acquisition Partner @ Rolls-Royce SMR
Role: Configuration Manager

Locations: Hybrid working with one of the following closest locations as primary: Derby, Warrington or Manchester

Our mission

Our mission is to deliver clean, affordable energy for all. Our Small Modular Reactor (SMR) provides a British solution to a global energy crisis. We are in pole position to become a world leader in SMRs and the UK’s premier green export technology.

The team

The Engineering function is central to delivering our SMR programme, driving innovation across complex, safety-critical systems. Working at pace and scale, the team is shaping robust, future-ready engineering processes that underpin the successful design, integration and delivery of a first-of-a-kind nuclear solution.

Role Summary

In this context, we are looking for a Manager – Configuration reporting to the Senior Information Manager. Leading a small specialist team, this pivotal role will define and embed best-in-class configuration management across the programme, ensuring robust control of engineering data and enabling confident, high-quality delivery at scale.

What You’ll Help Deliver

We’ll need you to:


Establishing and governing configuration management processes aligned to engineering, programme and quality lifecycle requirements
Leading the development and control of integrated configuration baselines, including Product Breakdown Structure and Bills of Materials
Driving effective engineering change management aligned to programme milestones and regulatory expectations
Building and developing a high-performing Configuration Management team and fostering cross-functional adoption


What You’ll Bring

This is a high-profile, programme-critical role, and you’ll bring a strategic mindset, natural authority, and the ability to embed new ways of working across complex engineering environments, alongside:

Skills & Experience


A relevant technical degree (or equivalent experience) and professional accreditation (e.g. CEng or similar)
We’ll ask you about your experience of leading configuration management in complex, regulated environments and influencing senior engineering stakeholders
Deep expertise in configuration management processes, tools and Product and Plant Lifecycle Management systems, with strong knowledge of change control and data governance
Proven ability to lead teams, drive cultural adoption, and operate with strong commercial and regulatory awareness


Location

We offer flexible and hybrid working, with expectations to attend one of our RR-SMR sites regularly, depending on business and team requirements.

What’s In It For You


We anticipate paying a salary of between £60,000-£78,750
Bonus - Performance related target opportunity 12.5%
Benefits Allowance – £2,200 per annum, enabling you to create a bespoke package
Pension - 12% employer and 6% employee contributions.
Holidays - 28 days holiday (+ public holidays) and the ability to buy or sell up to 4 days.
Private Medical Insurance - BUPA single cover health care
Life Assurance - 6x pensionable pay
£250 - One-off payment for new starters for home office purchases


Selection process

The selection process will include an initial conversation with Talent Acquisition, followed by two interview stages. Pre-employment checks will include BPSS clearance and DBS screening.

Our commitment to inclusion

We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all backgrounds. Inclusivity is important to us, and as a Disability Confident organisation, we are committed to fair, supportive, and continually improving recruitment practices.

We are happy to discuss flexible and part-time working and will make workplace adjustments where needed to help you perform at your best.

Confidence can sometimes hold us back—but there’s no such thing as a perfect candidate. If you feel you meet around 75% of the requirements, we’d love to hear from you. We also welcome applications from those considering a career move or sector transition with transferable skills.

Pay Range

£60,000.00

£78,750.00

Why Join Us?

You’ll be joining a forward-thinking organisation that values transparency, fairness, and innovation. We offer:


A flexible, inclusive, and supportive working environment.
Opportunities for career growth in a rapidly scaling business.
A culture that values diversity, innovation, and continuous learning.


We are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from all backgrounds. Inclusivity is important to us, and as a Disability Confident organisation, we are committed to fair, supportive, and continually improving recruitment practices that ensure everyone has the opportunity to thrive.

Confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we'll let you in on a secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. If you feel you meet 75% of the requirements for this role, we would love to hear from you.

Also, if you are considering a career move or a sector-jump, please get in touch – we welcome applications from people with transferable skills.

Our Application Process

Due to the safety regulations within the nuclear industry, applicants will be required to participate in additional screening. These are:


Obtaining Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS) clearance
Satisfactory completion of a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check
Satisfactory completion of a basic financial probity check


Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Part-time
Job function
Engineering and Information Technology
Industries
Utilities
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Rolls-Royce SMR by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Technical Change Manager
Technical Change Manager
HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
SIAM Change and Software Asset Configuration Manager
SIAM Change and Software Asset Configuration Manager
Capgemini
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Technical Manager - Configuration Services
Technical Manager - Configuration Services
CDW
Rugby, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Applications Manager- Leviat
Applications Manager- Leviat
CRH
Sheffield, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Document Controller - Defence
Document Controller - Defence
Turner & Townsend
Derby, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Knowledge Manager
Knowledge Manager
Rolls-Royce
Derby, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Technical Lead
Technical Lead

OneAdvanced

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Project Design Authority
Project Design Authority

Thales

Stockport, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
IT Service Manager (Asset Management)
IT Service Manager (Asset Management)

HM Revenue & Customs

Telford, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Digital Systems Developer
Digital Systems Developer

The Football Association

Burton Upon Trent, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
CoE Application Support Engineer
CoE Application Support Engineer

Anglian Water Services

Lincoln, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Service Delivery Manager
Service Delivery Manager

Rolls-Royce

Derby, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Digital Assets Governance Specialist
Digital Assets Governance Specialist

Thermo Fisher Scientific

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
AWS Infrastructure Operations Engineer
AWS Infrastructure Operations Engineer

Siemens

Solihull, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Product Architect PLM/ALM
Product Architect PLM/ALM

Siemens

Solihull, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
EDMS & CDE Analyst
EDMS & CDE Analyst

Arup

Nottingham, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Similar Searches
Configuration Management Consultant jobs
92 open jobs
Change And Configuration Manager jobs
386 open jobs
Software Configuration Management Engineer jobs
2,318 open jobs
Configuration Management Engineer jobs
181 open jobs
Configuration Engineer jobs
21,560 open jobs
Configuration Analyst jobs
2,372 open jobs
Software System Analyst jobs
106 open jobs
Configurator jobs
21,780 open jobs
Change And Release Manager jobs
228 open jobs
Productivity Consultant jobs
64 open jobs
Release Manager jobs
5,967 open jobs
Community Development Director jobs
284 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Rolls-Royce SMR
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.