Title: Quality Assurance Engineer - Design Quality
Company: Siemens Healthineers
Location: Pune District, Maharashtra, India
URL: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-assurance-engineer-design-quality-at-siemens-healthineers-4463284793
Posted: 2026-10-01
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job as a Quality Assurance Engineer in a regulated medical device environment (ISO 13485, EU MDR) matches Priya's experience at Topcon Healthcare and Elektrobit, including quality gatekeeping, regulatory compliance, and documentation ownership.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Quality Assurance Engineer - Design Quality
Siemens Healthineers  Pune District, Maharashtra, India
1 day ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who Siemens Healthineers has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Join us in pioneering breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.

Our inspiring and caring environment forms a global community that celebrates diversity and individuality. We encourage you to step beyond your comfort zone, offering resources and flexibility to foster your professional and personal growth, all while valuing your unique contributions.

QA Engineer-Design Quality typically serves as the quality representative on the cross-functional project team, works closely with the project team leader.

Provides quality assurance and regulatory requirement support and typically works as a member of one or more new product development and/or sustaining engineering projects.

Responsible for minimizing risk to the organization associated with product design and realization efforts and assists in ensuring robust medical device product designs under governing international standards and regulatory requirements.

Major on-going responsibilities for this role, but not limited to:


Is a member of Pune engineering team and has the responsibility and authority for ensuring Quality System requirements are established and maintained in accordance with applicable quality procedures of Varian Product Life Cycle (PLC)
Participate in reviews of designs and design documentation to ensure that all domestic, international engineering practices, Quality System documentation, laws and regulations are being met consistently.
Support Quality group during internal/external audits with respect to internal Quality System documentation and all appropriate regulations.
Review ECN’s to ensure compliance to Quality System, QSR and International standards and requirements for Product Life Cycle (PLC) and sustaining activities.
Ensure that product development projects and changes to existing products are conducted in compliance with all appropriate regulations and standards.
Work with teams to ensure successful transfer of new products to manufacturing. Review production processes for quality of Process Validation.
Provide input to the creation of Design Verification and Validation protocols and test reports.
Provide guidance and direction for sample size and statistical analysis for testing.
Provide guidance and/or training to project teams on procedures, Design Verification and Validation, statistical methods and Design Controls.
Review Design History Files for conformance to applicable requirements.
Supports Regulatory Affairs regarding regulatory submissions e.g. 510(k) submissions containing medical device software.
Understand and be able to review software development lifecycle records for compliance with good documentation practices.
Maintain a complete awareness of the cost of quality and promote activities to monitor and reduce quality costs.
Provide external supplier support as required.
May be responsible for specific SME (Subject Matter Expert) support, general improvement projects and support of CAPAs.


Characteristics


Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously without supervision.
Provide authoritative guidance to all appropriate regulations, safety standards and internal Quality System processes.
Ability to monitor and analyse process and product data statistically and identify improvement opportunity.
Ability to write / review software test scripts manual / automated
Able to work with project teams effectively. Gains buy-in on new ideas and able to give feedback without offending.
Must be able to manage and meet personal commitments.
Not only provides input but also provides potential solutions.
Excellent communication, problem solving and interpersonal skills (teams).
Effective skills in analytical thinking and problem solving.
Team player.


Quality Engineering Ownership


Phase End Design Reviews – drives compliance of the review, reviews document and provides DHF reviews.
Provides Software Summary Assessment
Provides Post Market surveillance and customer complaint data for design inputs including; Complaints, CAPAs, Journals, Customer Surveys and Audit Findings.
Obtains and distributes on-going metrics for review by relevant teams:
Number of Recalls – by type
Number of Discrepancy Reports (by priority and phase discovered)
Complaint analysis as pertaining to Design Control
Tracking of scheduled delays (length / cause)


Provides Quality Reviews For


Design Input Requirements
Design Change management
Design Architecture
Risk Management
Defects, complaints
Testing (Design Verification and Validation, protocols and test reports)
Relevant traceability for engineering changes
Design History File
Phase Gate Reviews
Other documents, as requested, such as software summary reports for international regulatory submissions.


Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Engineering or related technical field required. Master’s degree or equivalent preferred.
4-6 years’ experience of working on either of medical device software lifecycle phase like design and development, testing, auditing, CAPA or relevant regulatory activities.
Professional certification (i.e. Certified Internal/Lead Auditor for ISO 13485, SQA-Software Quality Assurance) is preferred.
Experience of working with healthcare provider that follows ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304, FDA QMSR/QSR 21 CFR 820, EU MDR 2017/745, MDSAP, QSIT or similar medical device regulations.
Experience of healthcare software (SaMD or EMR, EHR) related customer requirement gathering, solution development, verification and validation testing, customer acceptance, complaint handing is preferred.
Experience of working in regulated industry of medical device is added advantage.
Working knowledge of software development and/or electrical/mechanical engineering.
Requires excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to relocate to work location to work with geographically diverse and international teams.


Who we are: We are a team of more than 72,000 highly dedicated Healthineers in more than 70 countries. As a leader in medical technology, we constantly push the boundaries to create better outcomes and experiences for patients, no matter where they live or what health issues they are facing. Our portfolio is crucial for clinical decision-making and treatment pathways.

How we work: When you join Siemens Healthineers, you become one in a global team of scientists, clinicians, developers, researchers, professionals, and skilled specialists, who believe in each individual’s potential to contribute with diverse ideas. We are from different backgrounds, cultures, religions, political and/or sexual orientations, and work together, to fight the world’s most threatening diseases and enable access to care, united by one purpose: to pioneer breakthroughs in healthcare. For everyone. Everywhere. Sustainably.

To find out more about Healthineers’ specific businesses, please visit our company page here.

As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.

Data Privacy: We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. We ask instead that you create a profile where you can upload your CV. Setting up a profile also lets us know you are interested in career opportunities with us and makes it easy for us to send you an alert when relevant positions become open. Register here to get started.

Beware of Job Scams: Please beware of potentially fraudulent job postings or suspicious recruiting activity by persons that are currently posing as Siemens Healthineers recruiters/employees.  These scammers may attempt to collect your confidential personal or financial information.  If you are concerned that an offer of employment with Siemens Healthineers might be a scam or that the recruiter is not legitimate, please verify by searching for the posting on the Siemens Healthineers career site.

To all recruitment agencies: Siemens Healthineers does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, employees, or any other company location. Siemens Healthineers is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Hospitals and Health Care
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Siemens Healthineers by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Pune District, Maharashtra, India.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Associate Quality Assurance Engineer jobs
Quality Assurance Engineer - Design Quality
Similar jobs
Design Quality Engineer
Design Quality Engineer
Philips
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Engineer
Engineer
Danfoss
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Senior Engineer
Senior Engineer
AUO Mobility Solutions
Pune District, Maharashtra, India
4 weeks ago
Quality Assurance Engineer
Quality Assurance Engineer
Endress+Hauser Group
Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India
2 days ago
Line Quality Engineer
Line Quality Engineer
CNH
Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Production Engineering
Production Engineering
Siemens
Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India
2 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Associate Engineer_Aerospace
Associate Engineer_Aerospace

Eaton

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
6 days ago
Associate Supplier Quality Engineer
Associate Supplier Quality Engineer

Dorman Products

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
1 day ago
DESIGN ENGINEER
DESIGN ENGINEER

OPmobility

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Process Engineer (Manufacturing Engineer III)
Process Engineer (Manufacturing Engineer III)

Regal Rexnord

Mumbai Metropolitan Region
1 day ago
Assistant Manager - Quality
Assistant Manager - Quality

Dauch

Chakan, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Engineer SQD
Engineer SQD

Rehlko

Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India
11 hours ago
Quality Engineer – Engine Manufacturing
Quality Engineer – Engine Manufacturing

Cyient

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
3 weeks ago
Supplier Quality Engineer - Mechanical
Supplier Quality Engineer - Mechanical

Larsen & Toubro

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
17 hours ago
Senior Engineer
Senior Engineer

Whirlpool India

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
4 weeks ago
Engineer, Quality
Engineer, Quality

Avient Corporation

Pune Division, Maharashtra, India
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Associate Quality Assurance Engineer jobs
1,600 open jobs
Software Quality Assurance Engineer jobs
2,899 open jobs
Senior Quality Assurance Engineer jobs
849 open jobs
Quality Assurance Automation Engineer jobs
2,321 open jobs
Quality Assurance Test Engineer jobs
2,449 open jobs
Software Test Engineer jobs
3,583 open jobs
Business Test Analyst jobs
2,637 open jobs
Software Tester jobs
2,341 open jobs
Software Quality Assurance Intern jobs
132 open jobs
Software Quality Assurance Tester jobs
1,875 open jobs
Playwright jobs
862 open jobs
Senior Software Test Engineer jobs
1,321 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Siemens Healthineers
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.